Hi Shivam,

I am doing those things, but what I am experiencing is a change in the Replit environment. Not all sessions save in the history. Previously you could look aback through the sessions history and return to the open session and it would still be open with rollback functionality. Now, if you look at an old session and return the session you were working in closes, the rollbacks are no longer available and a new session must be created. The biggest problem, though, is that the Progress window no longer shows the entire dif. Just a week a ago ,if any changes were made you would get a diff in the progress window, and the bottom of it could be clicked and it would show all the diff changes and was scrollable. Now the window shows a portion of the diff, tells how many changes it proposes to make, but won't show them to you and an inordinately high number of them will just be an orange box reporting This diff cannot be shown. The complete diff functionality needs to be restored. It would also be nice if the Agent could be programmed to look at the project, at least as a snapshot instead of applying general assumption. It constantly changes my imports to db/schema. Along time ago I ha db/schema.ts. The Agent suggested a modular schema using aliases, but it will go through my files even when it is working on problems unrelated, and just change to relative file paths, aliases going to folders and files that don't exist, etc. I fork. I make new session. I refresh the page. I delete browser history. I clear cache and hard reload the page, I logout and back in but they don't help. I ma not talking about minor changes wither. It is not just the imports, it sometimes deletes entire functions from the software in a kind of loop. If I ask it to update a script, for example, it will make 20 or 30 changes to the same file the pause button disappears, and it will make no rollback checkpoints and not stop for a moment to test the changes. As a person with several decades of pattern-of-life detection I suspect that the AI training has a primary focus of making money when given options. It very often turns simple tasks it used to do in one action into a 12 step process and charge .25 for all 12 steps. Or, just as something works, it will make a long, non-stop run with a dozen changes, no checkpoint, and then in the last file change will delete 340 lines of code and then say it has completed it. All successful changes have to be rolled back, but in the rollbacks there is no refund of the wasted money. Replit should incorporate per session charges, instead of per task charges, because 17 of 20 tasks fail and the agent memory gets full before the task can be completed then half the memory is wasted explaining where we were, then instead of following files paths specified it will wats even more memory do searches of every file, then will work on the wrong file. I think it is trained to read only the first few words, or first few letters of a phrase. There should be NO charge to the customer until a session completes, because only then has any work been completed. This is especially true the further you get into development. The agent needs a highly specific instructions and even then fails to look at the code you are talking about. I have an exercise library that has been working for weeks. When working on error filtering to filter out websocket error prior to login in the development environment, it deleted all the routes from the database to the exercise cards, and the exercise libraries (these files have nothing to do with each other) When we finished that I went back to working on the AI Exercise data Assistant, the entire library was missing. When I asked it to restore the functionality, it began implementing style and filter changes - essentially doing everything but what I ask. In government contracting of software developers this is called fraud. This is no different. You cannot  charge customers for unauthorized and unwanted features, styles, work or changes. My $40 monthly credit was used entirely on chasing unauthorized changes that had nothing at all to do with what I asked it to work on. I made no further progress at all. At this point I seem to chase the Agent and Assistant in circles. As I want to progress in one area, it will change another with no ability to see the diff. Only when I go back to that feature does it become apparent that major changes were made. The Agent should read the request, make a plan, make one change, ask for me to check it. Or, if a few changes are needed I understand, but there should be a checkpoint after every one  so that rollback doesn't have to go through 4 or 5 changes (or in this incidence 17-23 changes without stopping). Sometimes I am starting the software to test, or to answer a question and as I am it just goes on and when the pause button disappears there is no way to stop it, and with no diff and no rollback it cannot be undone and it is not clear what changes were made. It makes no sense for me to have to pay for this. If you want a better quality product, with better customer satisfaction, and still want to make plenty of money, Replit should change to a pert session charge. It is not like a lot can be accomplished in one session. Sometimes after a single request, before it even starts working, it reports the agents memory is almost full.
